---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "checkmate_local_command Resource - terraform-provider-checkmate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Local Command
---

# checkmate_local_command (Resource)

Local Command

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "checkmate_local_command" "example" {
  # Run this command in a shell
  command = "python $CHECKMATE_FILEPATH"

  # Switch to this directory before running the command
  working_directory = "./scripts"

  # The overall test should not take longer than 5 seconds
  timeout = 5000

  # Wait 0.1 seconds between attempts
  interval = 100

  # We want 2 successes in a row
  consecutive_successes = 1

  # Create the script file before running the attempts
  create_file {
    name            = "fancy_script.py"
    contents        = "print('hello world')"
    use_working_dir = true
  }


}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) The command to run (passed to `sh -c`)

### Optional

- `command_timeout` (Number) Timeout for an individual attempt. If exceeded, the attempt will be considered failure and potentially retried. Default 5000ms
- `consecutive_successes` (Number) Number of consecutive successes required before the check is considered successful overall. Defaults to 1.
- `create_anyway_on_check_failure` (Boolean) If false, the resource will fail to create if the check does not pass. If true, the resource will be created anyway. Defaults to false.
- `create_file` (Attributes) Ensure a file exists with the following contents. The path to this file will be available in the env var CHECKMATE_FILEPATH (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create_file))
- `env` (Map of String) Map of environment variables to apply to the command
- `interval` (Number) Interval in milliseconds between attemps. Default 200
- `keepers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of string values that when changed will cause the check to run again.
- `timeout` (Number) Overall timeout in milliseconds for the check before giving up, default 10000
- `working_directory` (String) Working directory where the command will be run. Defaults to the current working directory

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `passed` (Boolean) True if the check passed
- `stderr` (String) Standard error output of the command
- `stdout` (String) Standard output of the command

<a id="nestedatt--create_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create_file`

Required:

- `contents` (String) Contents of the file to create
- `name` (String) Name of the created file.

Optional:

- `use_working_dir` (Boolean) If true, will use the working directory instead of a temporary directory. Defaults to false.

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) Path to the file that was created


